# Car-Price-Prediction
This repository contains Machine learning project which utilise various different regression model for predicting Car price for automobile industry.

This project aims to predict car prices for a Chinese automobile company. So the main aim would be helping the Chinese automobile company which plans to enter the US automobile company. The company wants to understand the factors affecting the price of cars in the American market, since those may be very different from the Chinese market. So this project will try to answer inquiries like, Which variables are significant in predicting the price of a car and How well those variables describe the price of a car.
The data has been collected from Kaggle and contains data from different market surveys which gathers a large data set of different types of cars across the American market. The business goal can be explained as a model for the price of cars with the available independent variables. It will be used by the management to understand how exactly the prices vary with the independent variables. They can accordingly manipulate the design of the cars, the business strategy, etc. to meet certain price levels. Further, the model will be a good way for management to understand the pricing dynamics of a new market.
This report starts with a detailed understanding of datasets, followed by looking at the data cleaning and feature engineering process done to the data. Then various regression models with regularization will be applied to the data for accurate prediction of the price. After modeling, a careful analysis of the outcome of the various model will lead to a selection of the appropriate model for the prediction.
